Automation of repetitive tasks
reduces the need for manual labor.
The research topic of robotics includes
various disciplines such as mechanical design,
mechatronics, control systems, machine vision,
software development, IoT and machine learning.
In our robotics lab, we focus on
programming and mechatronic systems.
We study and implement mobile
robots that are fully autonomous,
smart vehicles that are best suited
for labor-intensive routine tasks.
We are also implementing robotics
for industrial production purposes
and studying social robotics in
service industry and in health care.
The future aim is to develop new
intelligent technologies by fusing together
AI-based control algorithms with
novel robot kinematics and mechanics.